NAME                                              READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
front-sellers-develop-server                      1/1     1            1           50d
front-sellers-feature-account-numbers-server      1/1     1            1           33d
front-sellers-feature-boolean-field-server        1/1     1            1           14d
front-sellers-feature-currency-server             1/1     1            1           6d5h
front-sellers-feature-dynamic-imports-server      1/1     1            1           34d
front-sellers-feature-exist-email-server          1/1     1            1           5d9h
front-sellers-feature-exiting-number-server       1/1     1            1           5d2h
front-sellers-feature-filter-cheaps-server        1/1     1            1           26d
front-sellers-feature-fix-image-icon-server       1/1     1            1           9d
front-sellers-feature-items-count-server          1/1     1            1           25d
front-sellers-feature-marking-server              1/1     1            1           23d
front-sellers-feature-new-finances-server         1/1     1            1           49d
front-sellers-feature-partner-component-server    1/1     1            1           7d9h
front-sellers-feature-partner-page-server         1/1     1            1           5d20h
front-sellers-feature-partners-page-server        1/1     1            1           3d3h
front-sellers-feature-photo-anchor-server         1/1     1            1           17d
front-sellers-feature-photo-gallery-server        1/1     1            1           18d
front-sellers-feature-preview-component-server    1/1     1            1           24d
front-sellers-feature-print-html-server           1/1     1            1           10d
front-sellers-feature-product-link-server         1/1     1            1           13d
front-sellers-feature-product-quantity-server     1/1     1            1           19d
front-sellers-feature-quantity-modal-server       1/1     1            1           19d
front-sellers-feature-radio-account-server        1/1     1            1           33d
front-sellers-feature-reload-file-server          1/1     1            1           49d
front-sellers-feature-restore-message-server      1/1     1            1           21d
front-sellers-feature-review-filter-server        1/1     1            1           48d
front-sellers-feature-review-name-server          1/1     1            1           5h
front-sellers-feature-review-reply-server         1/1     1            1           49d
front-sellers-feature-select-accounts-server      1/1     1            1           27d
front-sellers-feature-suggest-tab-server          1/1     1            1           34d
front-sellers-feature-tech-dti-eployee-server     1/1     1            1           19d
front-sellers-feature-tech-dti-promocode-server   1/1     1            1           4d2h
front-sellers-feature-tech-dti-sku-server         1/1     1            1           40d
front-sellers-feature-tech-webpack-server         1/1     1            1           19d
front-sellers-feature-withdraw-history-server     1/1     1            1           35d
front-sellers-feature-withdraw-spoiler-server     1/1     1            1           48d
front-sellers-fix-avatar-save-server              1/1     1            1           11d
front-sellers-fix-bank-account-server             1/1     1            1           6d1h
front-sellers-fix-create-shop-server              1/1     1            1           21d
front-sellers-fix-file-message-server             1/1     1            1           7d9h
front-sellers-fix-filters-empty-server            1/1     1            1           49d
front-sellers-fix-hide-link-server                1/1     1            1           12d
front-sellers-fix-icon-space-server               1/1     1            1           15d
front-sellers-fix-image-color-server              1/1     1            1           14d
front-sellers-fix-image-load-error-server         1/1     1            1           27d
front-sellers-fix-image-upload-server             1/1     1            1           4d19h
front-sellers-fix-invoice-count-server            1/1     1            1           24d
front-sellers-fix-lazy-load-server                1/1     1            1           44h
front-sellers-fix-list-reload-server              1/1     1            1           15d
front-sellers-fix-multiple-requests-server        1/1     1            1           14d
front-sellers-fix-password-change-server          1/1     1            1           45d
front-sellers-fix-photo-upload-server             1/1     1            1           4d6h
front-sellers-fix-product-pagination-server       1/1     1            1           21d
front-sellers-fix-ready-to-shop-server            1/1     1            1           7d8h
front-sellers-fix-reload-same-file-server         1/1     1            1           30d
front-sellers-fix-shop-id-server                  1/1     1            1           14d
front-sellers-fix-suggest-icon-server             1/1     1            1           7d
front-sellers-fix-suggest-past-server             1/1     1            1           32d
front-sellers-fix-tech-dti-account-server         1/1     1            1           19d
front-sellers-hotfix-agreement-route-server       1/1     1            1           42d
front-sellers-hotfix-collection-upload-server     1/1     1            1           17d
front-sellers-hotfix-comission-server             1/1     1            1           40d
front-sellers-hotfix-hide-features-server         1/1     1            1           13d
front-sellers-hotfix-hide-print-server            1/1     1            1           7d1h
front-sellers-hotfix-invoice-timeslot-server      1/1     1            1           16d
front-sellers-hotfix-no-timeslot-server           1/1     1            1           105m
front-sellers-hotfix-novation-server              1/1     1            1           42d
front-sellers-hotfix-number-remove-server         1/1     1            1           19d
front-sellers-hotfix-pr-template-server           1/1     1            1           47d
front-sellers-hotfix-timeslot-delay-server        1/1     1            1           4d19h
front-sellers-hotfix-timeslots-delay-server       1/1     1            1           3d8h
front-sellers-hotfix-timezone-server              1/1     1            1           3d4h
front-sellers-hotfix-upload-studio-server         1/1     1            1           26d
front-sellers-stand-relase-server                 1/1     1            1           6d4h
front-sellers-stand-release-server                1/1     1            1           49d
